Anshul/cache features (#1)
AnshulBhl/azure-powershell: src/RedisCache/RedisCache/help/Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection.md

﻿
---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisCache.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.RedisCache
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.rediscache/get-azredisprivateendpointconnection
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection

## SYNOPSIS
Get Private Endpoint Connection from a Redis Cache.

## SYNTAX

### NormalParameterSet (Default)
```
Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection [-ResourceGroupName <String>] -Name <String> -PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> **Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection** cmdlet will get detail about the specified private endpoint connection on Azure Redis Cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection** cmdlet gets details about the specified private endpoint connection on Azure Cache for Redis.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a private endpoint connection
```
PS C:\>Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection -Name "mycache" -PrivateEndpointConnectionName "MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45"

		ResourceGroupName               : myGroup
		Name                            : myCache
		PrivateEndpointConnectionName   : MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45	
		ConnectionStatus                : Approved
```

> This command gets a private endpoint connection named **privateDemo.abcd1234e56** from Redis Cache named mycache. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet gets a private endpoint connection named **privateDemo.abcd1234e56** from Azure Cache for Redis named *mycache*. 
```
These are all cmdlets aren't they?

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile

> The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used when you communicate with Azure.
```

﻿
---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisCache.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.RedisCache
online version: [Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection](./Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection)
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection

## SYNOPSIS
Get Private Endpoint Connection from a Redis Cache.

## SYNTAX

### NormalParameterSet (Default)
```

> Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection [-ResourceGroupName <String>] -Name <String> [-PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>]

Reviewer 2: PrivateEndpointConnectionName param is required, isn't it?

 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> If **PrivateEndpointConnectionName** parameter if provided, **Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection** cmdlet gets detail about the specified private endpoint connection on Azure Redis Cache. If only **Name** is specified this operation gets all private endpoint connections available on that Redis Cache.

Reviewer 2: Is it true?

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a private endpoint connection
```
PS C:\>Get-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection -Name "mycache" -PrivateEndpointConnectionName "MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45"

		ResourceGroupName					:		myGroup
		Name								:		myCache
		PrivateEndpointConnectionName		:		MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45	
		ConnectionStatus					:		Approved
```

This command gets a private endpoint connection named privateDemo.abcd1234e56 from Redis Cache named mycache. 

> ### Example 2: Get all private endpoint connections

Reviewer 2: Should we remove it?
